Some important concept of Angular JS

1.	AngularJS is a very powerful JavaScript Framework. It is used in Single Page Application.
	AngularJS provides developers options to write client side application (using JavaScript)
	in a clean MVC(Model View Controller) way.
	
2. Core features of AngularJS
	Data-binding − It is the automatic synchronization of data between model and view components.

	Scope − These are objects that refer to the model. They act as a glue between controller and view.

	Controller − These are JavaScript functions that are bound to a particular scope.

	Services − AngularJS come with several built-in services for example $http to make a XMLHttpRequests.
				 These are singleton objects which are instantiated only once in app.

	Filters − These select a subset of items from an array and returns a new array.
	
	Directives − Directives are markers on DOM elements (such as elements, attributes, css, and more).
				 These can be used to create custom HTML tags that serve as new, custom widgets.
	 				AngularJS has built-in directives (ngBind, ngModel...)

	Routing − It is concept of switching views.
	
	Model View Whatever − MVC is a design pattern for dividing an application into different parts 
						(called Model, View and Controller), each with distinct responsibilities.
						AngularJS does not implement MVC in the traditional sense, but rather something 
						closer to MVVM (Model-View-ViewModel). 
	
3. Advantages and disadvantages
Advantage:
   	AngularJS provides capability to create Single Page Application in a very clean and maintainable way.

	AngularJS provides data binding capability to HTML thus giving user a rich and responsive experience

	AngularJS code is unit testable.

	With AngularJS, developer write less code and get more functionality.

	In AngularJS, views are pure html pages, and controllers written in JavaScript do the business processing.

Disadvantage:
	Not Secure − Being JavaScript only framework, application written in AngularJS are not safe. 
				Server side authentication and authorization is must to keep an application secure.

	Not degradable − If your application user disables JavaScript then user will just see the basic page and nothing more.
	

4. Components of AngularJS

ng-app − This directive defines and links an AngularJS application to HTML.

ng-model − This directive binds the values of AngularJS application data to HTML input controls.

ng-bind − This directive binds the AngularJS Application data to HTML tags.

5. what exactly is MVC

Model − It is the lowest level of the pattern responsible for maintaining data.

View − It is responsible for displaying all or a portion of the data to the user.

Controller − It is a software Code that controls the interactions between the Model and View.


5.Following directives can be used to bind application data to attributes of HTML DOM Elements.

Sr.No.	Name	Description
1	ng-disabled	disables a given control.
2	ng-show	shows a given control.
3	ng-hide	hides a given control.
4	ng-click	represents a AngularJS click event.